# front

This is a frontend for the Raiffaizen project. It contains two separate apps built in Vue 2: 'selector' and 'main'.

## Selector app

The first, small project is a Selector (`selector.js-> SelectApp.vue`). With it a user can choose a preferred volatility level.
Taking the data from backend the app built a series of small graphs, which represent stock prices with different volatility levels.

The data is taken statically from backend that injects it to the window variable `window.data`.

Each particular chart is rendered using `SmallChart` Vue component. The graph is built using [Highcharts](https://www.highcharts.com/) and a[ Vue-Highcharts connector](https://github.com/highcharts/highcharts-vue).

When a person selects (clicks) a chart with a corresponding volatility, it is animated, imitating price updates that a person would get if he/she decides to choose this volatility level. That is done in order to avoid the impression that the graphs they choose will look _exactly_ as the ones they have clicked on: this way we send them a signal that this is just an illustration of volatility, not a specific realization of the underlying price-generating process.

The app is connected to backend using websockets (and a [vue-native-websocket](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-native-websocket)). That let us trace if a person chooses different volatility levels before he/she takes the final decision. On the backend each such registered event is stored in the DB (in the `Event` database with a timestamp when it happens, and chosen volatility level.)

## Main app

The main app (`main.js->App.vue`) that is rendered when a person has decided on the volatility level, imitates a price generating process using the data provided by the backend. In its core, it simply gets the series of data statically provided by the backend when the page is loaded (and injected to `window.data`) and adds chunks of it to the chart rendered by Highcharts module. At any moment in time a person can decide to leave a trading session selling the stock. This action of selling can be implemented using different components (`Comp1.vue`, `Comp2.vue` etc.) to test which one provides the best result in terms of data generation.

When a user chooses to sell the stock, and leave the trading session, a confirmation dialog is additionally shown (`ConfirmDialog.vue`) where a user can change the mind and return to trade.

Similarly to `Selector` app all the user decisions are traced and send to backend where they are stored as an `Event` data instance.

In addition to traceable actions such as 'decide to leave', 'change the mind and stay at the page' etc, we also trace any sharp changes in stock price (in `App.vue-> checkForSharpChanges` method), and send them back to the db. That is a bit excessive since all the prices are preliminary generated by the backend, but that facilitates the data analysis: for instance we can check how much time is passed after the significant drop in price before a user reacts on it.

## Project setup

```
yarn install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
yarn serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
yarn build
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
yarn lint
```

### Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).
